Hello, this is a store for adventure .
Vladimir, this video review is dedicated to you
portable gas heater korea
Kyupid Khidr
it has both engines
distinctive properties first he
very compact it is the smallest
heater in the line korea beats it
size compared with others
reviewers to immediately
imagine its size here it is in
comparing with those items that
for sure you have a sheet of paper on hand
A4 size and normal pen
browser is packed in a convenient
plastic case with carrying handle
second distinctive properties can
say uniqueness heaters in that
that there is almost no plastic in it
only legs and knob knob in
the rest it consists only of
metal parts
accordingly it is much better
suffers shaking
drop bumps and most importantly his
impossible to burn or melt works
heater from the cheapest and
common type of cylinders
collet
turn on the heater is very simple
charge the balloon turn the handle
regulator to the maximum is triggered
piezo ignition gas ignites after which
we set the necessary power of heating
notice the ceramic
plate it significantly increases the efficiency
heater saves gas and
also on the metal grill
warm the tent car garage or
some other room you can
in two ways the first most popular
it's warm the room off
heater and further as it is cooled
turn it on again the second way
we warm the rooms at the maximum then
reserve minimum power for
maintaining heat this way follows
use with caution
heated room required
must have fresh air intake
classic use cases
gas heater for winter fishing
slave vovan and tents
in the winter at the cottage in a tourist tent in
cold season and one unusual
example
who shared with us our
buyers they warmed floral
kiosk when they have failed
electric heater
our review comes to an end gas
heaters korea you can always
purchase store
for adventure point ru by self or
free delivery in Moscow
shipment at own expense or delivery across all Russia
with payment upon receipt
this is for adventure point ru
see our reviews for new meetings
thank